Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how
Nicole Bacon: Good.
Nicole Bacon: Got my space pretty cleaned up and making my bed every day. And after our meeting and going to go to Santa Fe and get some more supplies, you're going to make these like rosaries and have like funky rosaries I have all the stuff, but it's just over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that something you're going
Gwenevere Abriel: To sell this weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oops, I think I lost you. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I cannot hear you. It is silent. I cannot hear you. There is no sound.
Hopefully you can hear me either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it
Nicole Bacon: Had it plugged in, and it was behind the bed just a tiny bit and it was without me know
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get a note open here and
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear that you are
Gwenevere Abriel: following through with some of the things that are sort of the short term task oriented getting organized
Gwenevere Abriel: And is that difficult for you to do so, like today and yesterday, has that hasn't been difficult to follow through, or
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: I feel like I'm kind of
Nicole Bacon: Ramping up to it, like, at first it was like really hard, but it's more of my normal state to have things
Nicole Bacon: Organized pretty organized so um
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I mean it.
Nicole Bacon: I'm getting better at it, but a little bit. It's a little tricky because I just kind of let go of everything and didn't care. And I didn't have anything to look forward to. And I do now. That's like probably the major difference
Gwenevere Abriel: So now having something to look forward to. I mean, how big of a statement is that that I can't can't quite for that one.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah I'm
Nicole Bacon: Usually I would look forward to like a trip vacation or a showing I'm belly dancing at or
Nicole Bacon: Some other event. And I kind of
Nicole Bacon: Put those in a timeline in my head, I'm like, Okay, I'm looking forward to that. That's the next thing, but I didn't really have anything on my
Nicole Bacon: Side. I haven't left because of my addiction. You know, I haven't been able to travel or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I was carrying on the other day about having a deadline, actually, that matches really well with what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Deadlines are good for me, or else. Yeah, or else I'm a master procrastinator.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, cool. So that's convenient. Did you happen to use the 54321. Have you tried. I mean, yes, I know it seems over simplified, but did you try it.
Nicole Bacon: No, I did. Yeah, a couple of times and it helps
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. All of a sudden you were there and did you end up spending more time doing the thing than you thought.
Nicole Bacon: No, it's usually like I need to do this. I needed to do this and I build it up in my head, I'm like, Oh, such a big thing. It's not using that 54321 is just in the moment. Doing it just get up and do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't overthink it right that brain will get in there and say all kinds of shenanigans. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Well, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are yours forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Really simple stuff. I know it's kind of silly but
Nicole Bacon: Know the numbers work in your head for
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, then work. It's a funny thing if you if you ever find yourself really stressed, even in your own house getting from one room to the next, like, Oh, I can't believe I'm late, or whatever, just counting 123412341234 you can push out the, oh my gosh, I can't believe what I just did.
Nicole Bacon: It's a new neutralize it kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get your mind on those number counting and not catastrophizing it maybe that body will stay down regulate it, just a little bit lower.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus and then feeding the, oh my gosh, I'm going to lose something or some threat response happening. Okay.
He these windows bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Pretty. No, I'm
Okay, let me see where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: We covered
Sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationships food. How we doing on food any kind of improvement on make another priority.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I'm like, I just had a snack earlier today.
Nicole Bacon: I actually made like this muffin low that I can snack on
Nicole Bacon: Because I don't have a lot of like ready snacks right now because of my food stamps, not me. So, and then I'm going to grab some snacks from my parents when I go down later okay going back
Gwenevere Abriel: How much longer on your antibiotic.
Nicole Bacon: Well, I have a big supply the doctor just said, Take it till
Nicole Bacon: It gets better. So
Nicole Bacon: I have like 90 pills, leaving something
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's a long time to be taken that right
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you already noticing and
Nicole Bacon: I'm it it'll get better.
Nicole Bacon: And then kind of like flare up. I've been taking epson salt baths and like mud masks as much as I can, like, every day and it's helping
Nicole Bacon: I found a website that this guy got rid of it. And he's using all all these different things and I'm just trying to focus on a couple of them.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: He changed something in his diet.
Nicole Bacon: Diet.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it's very internal
Nicole Bacon: Cutting down on outside chemicals like laundry detergent, stuff like that, using borax Works. Works powder.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, just kind of limited with what I can use because
Nicole Bacon: But I'm gonna go do some hair cuts in Santa Fe later. So I'll have a little bit money. I can put towards that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's confusing who the people you're cutting the hair.
Nicole Bacon: Prius. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those are heads. You don't mind touching
Nicole Bacon: Know, and I've touched. I've done their hair before
Nicole Bacon: It's more just like new people in the salon space. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so a little bit of money there and some curtains and what else
Nicole Bacon: I'm finishing the curtains here.
Nicole Bacon: And just yeah getting supplies to make jewelry grocery chains.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any more conversation with
Gwenevere Abriel: Barbie.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm. Yeah, that's me. Yeah. Yeah, every day. We've been talking
Nicole Bacon: We're right now trying to
Nicole Bacon: Write something now to ask my probation officer.
Nicole Bacon: If it would be okay if I could go to Hawaii on a trip to check it out. So trying to figure that out right now. And my probation.
Nicole Bacon: Booklet is in Santa Fe, with all the information. So I want to bring that back and see what it says. Under travel. I think you have to get a permit. I'm not too positive
Nicole Bacon: My P O doesn't really get back to me that often. I've tried calling him but
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking at the release of information that you completed this was for is it Santiago Cordova
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm probation officer. There's a phone number or there's an address school Avenue South East got your date of birth. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine. Once you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what this will do for you is, let's say officer says up, you're in treatment. Okay, well good. I would like to present that to the judge or have it in your file. What he may do is reach out won't reach out to me. I wouldn't give him my phone number. What I would say is
Gwenevere Abriel: Gives the main bright heart health number he can call they're going to see that release in there, they can create or I can create I use a particular
Gwenevere Abriel: Participation form you've sent you one actually. And then it can either be emailed directly to him now that I have his I would bypass, you and I would send it directly to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: This way, his name on it. And, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And if there's any other document. He needs like I don't know what but
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm not going to be calling him.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, yeah.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you later on, say, I'm concerned I want additional support in some way. Now I don't know if you remember, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Spent a lot of time I'm 14 years in felony drug courts. So for me, I see a judge, I see you know pretrial release officers as more support as part of a team that that helps the client.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see it, you know, obviously, each person could be a real Turkey and not very friendly and helpful, but overall I see them as a way to augment and help someone stay on track.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. And so for you this, this fellow. Does it seem like he's reasonable and rational and on your side.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Nicole Bacon: He
Nicole Bacon: He just wants to me to be doing good, and not take me to jail.
Nicole Bacon: So, uh,
Nicole Bacon: I did write him.
Nicole Bacon: He I guess they came by the House, a while back, and I wasn't here, but my friend was here.
Nicole Bacon: And I kind of freaked out and like are they coming to take me to jail because this is all new to me. I don't know what it
Nicole Bacon: what it's about. And so I texted him. I'm like, I'm scared like you came by, like, what was that just a checkup, or like what, and he explained. He was like, no, we're not taking any jail just unit checkup. So
Nicole Bacon: Because I don't know how this whole thing works. You know, I'm trying to ask about questions and
Nicole Bacon: But basically, the most important things for him is
Nicole Bacon: Me being in a program and getting therapy and also young
Gwenevere Abriel: And probably, he does random drug screening does me
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah, once a month. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And getting a job. Does he care what kind of job.
Nicole Bacon: Just as long as it's a job. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And it sounds like you'd like that. Anyway, so that's not a big deal.
Nicole Bacon: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're working that out with Barbie. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see what other stuff. We got, um, let's get into this. Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Get out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close the whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how stable are you at your subjects now.
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: It's still like at night and in the morning, little sweaty.
Nicole Bacon: But just kind of flashes. Not like full on
Nicole Bacon: Just small residual. Pause
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember going to that last time.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah, usually happens to me every time it takes a couple weeks for the eyes to like chill out easy
Nicole Bacon: Alright so let me just make a note to myself with
Gwenevere Abriel: That and when is that two week about to allow us when is like, can we expect some relief.
Nicole Bacon: So, last time I talk to you. It was a week. So in a couple days here.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so in a couple days you expect to have some stabilization there. Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's get into
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, can we do a little bit um of sort of some therapeutic stuff for a little
Nicole Bacon: Bit. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to develop
Gwenevere Abriel: resourcing for you with you. And these are the three fingers. One is a protected figure in using imagery protected figure I nurturing figure and a wise figure they're really useful and all kinds of places.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just take one of them. Let's just take a protective figure, it can be real or imagined combination of both. And it can also include your adult self. So just as I said What image kind of comes up with a protective figure what comes up for you.
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Like a spirit guide, I would say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a specific one or
Nicole Bacon: Doesn't have to be just, no, no.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But as you're thinking about it, since this is an imagery exercise.
Nicole Bacon: Imagery okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah formulated, what do you see what are the qualities of your spirit guide and it can be anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we want to kind of be clear because I need to bring it back to it.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, oh protector Wiseman
Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which we just need protective figure right now.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, okay. I'm
Nicole Bacon: Like a woman with long silver hair again. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Anything else with without
Nicole Bacon: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do the next one nurturing figure someone that promotes your growth your development.
Nicole Bacon: Like an actual person or
Gwenevere Abriel: Either way, it can be real or imagined combination. This is we get to do whatever we want.
Nicole Bacon: Nurturing okay
Nicole Bacon: Um, let's say Barbie right now. Okay. Yeah. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. She's encouraging your growth your development right to this business piece. Okay, I get it. How bow a wise figure some of that has the quality of wisdom.
Nicole Bacon: Ways, I'm
Nicole Bacon: Shannon
Shannon beautiful
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do another activity that one to take very long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's develop an emotional container. You know how people will use the phrase, sort of a pop psychology phrase of oh you know i compartmentalize that
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This would be really deliberately doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, in your own way their own style your own finesse she did picture an emotional container and it has to be big enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Strong enough to hold all your stuff.
What do you envision
Container
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Like a high ceiling house with big windows. I don't know.
Nicole Bacon: My ceiling.
Gwenevere Abriel: With Windows. Okay. And another attribute of it this invitation can change it. Don't get too hung up on the on this this particular requirement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it I've watched it really varies for people. So I'll say it in like almost polar
Gwenevere Abriel: Invitations so it's big enough, right, that these high ceilings and there's big windows and it's strong enough, this, this is a house right that you have as a container and then next attribute has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: The stuff. Typically, it's like negative stuff I would use this container when
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you were activated to a degree that you that too much, we might say, Okay, let's let's put a pin in this. Let's move away and put intensity. Put that imagery put whatever that is. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it in the container and then we're going to want either a lead for you. I guess like door something and be able to close it pocket. Keep it in there.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Or it could be that that stuff will want to stay in there and what is in that house that makes it comfortable enough for that stuff to want to stay and not want to come out.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, okay.
Nicole Bacon: Like, can I have an actual container and then and being the house to
Nicole Bacon: Your knees be one.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do. You can have whatever you want. What's, what's just gonna
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Just like a wooden box. I could put
Nicole Bacon: Intensities into
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: How big is the box.
Nicole Bacon: Um 12 inches by four inches by four inches.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how will, how will it stay secure either by locking it or by the fact that it's so comfortable in there for those intensities. That doesn't want to leave.
Nicole Bacon: And it's a it's a lack
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, has a lunch and that latch stays closed and you have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Key doesn't say, look, closed.
Nicole Bacon: Um, yeah, with the key.
And you have to keep it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're the only one. It's
Okay, it's wonderful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's do another one. These are going to serve us later okay we're doing all the preparation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you can use them right now if you want to. Who wouldn't want to be surrounded by a protective figure nurturing for your allies figure when we're feeling like crap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. That's a nice feeling
Nicole Bacon: That's a good
Nicole Bacon: Kind of when you're thinking about decisions or situations to kind of bring those archetypes out and check in with each one of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. I like it. I like that archetype is a cool word
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's do another one. Let's do same um I think benefit as the container. Let's do a distancing metaphor. So, may be you know distancing from what you call the intensities. That's a fun word. I like that. I think you just invented a word.
Gwenevere Abriel: So distancing so I'm on the shore just making one up. You do your own thing. I'm on the riverbank I'm with this real genuine, authentic presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of protective quality assurance and wisdom. I'm here on the shore with that and what I see moving away on a log or leaf is just slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. This distress, whatever this image was but it's slowly. I can see it getting further so that the point that I can't even see it anymore. But it's moving down the river, it's passing away from me. It's moving away right could be a shooting star could be a spaceship could be
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, whatever, a car that goes the opposite direction. And in my rearview mirror. I see it. So lots of different metaphors. What would be one that would work for you.
Nicole Bacon: Maybe
Nicole Bacon: I don't know, seeing a deer outside the window like
Nicole Bacon: Walking away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's, let's do it again. Let's do it again. So what I'm going to say is this will serve us you you know how you put that intensity
Gwenevere Abriel: In the container right in this box.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be times when what's getting sent away is something negative.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And I don't want there to be any conflict and use sort of psychologically
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That dear, all of a sudden, and you'll have to teach me it seemed peaceful and sweet and
Kind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but that doesn't mean you can't make that happen. How would all that possible negative intensity be carried away with this dear, how would you
Nicole Bacon: Um, yeah, no, but also I don't know about the box like just floating away. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, now we're talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is it what kind of body of water. We talking about
Nicole Bacon: I'm a little late, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Box floating away in LA.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a link you've actually been to, like, can you pull up real images.
Nicole Bacon: Um, it's kind of US mortgage board. And I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: A smorgasbord of real and maybe things you saw a movie or imagined.
Nicole Bacon: Of real real places. Yeah, because I was gonna say upon upon doesn't have enough energy that it like doesn't literally goes anywhere. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just message someone and let her know on in session so she doesn't get panicked.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have protected figures, we've got a container. In fact, you took that container and
Gwenevere Abriel: Send it down the lake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice. I like it.
Nicole Bacon: Data
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We can kind of stay again kind of superficial kind of fluffy out here for a little while longer and let's explore some of the negative cognition that you have will go cognitive behavioral for a while, it doesn't get us too deeply into
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, our storyline in general. What's the predominant negative thought that just
Nicole Bacon: That that I'm wasting my life away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you know, you've said, at times, mostly, you know, through written message that you self sabotage.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the relationship between
Gwenevere Abriel: I look around, I assess myself right and this is I'm wasting my life. Is that what's what it's like I you comparing yourself to someone else, or what, how does that assessment come about.
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: Mostly it's like you know I have a, like a goals or goal list and I hadn't been getting to any of those and
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: And with this self sabotage. It's like
Nicole Bacon: When I'm told to do something. I don't want to not do it. Even when I tell myself sometimes.
Nicole Bacon: And it's, um, this skin issue has like really affect you may self confidence. So it's like all like kind of
Nicole Bacon: Combined
Nicole Bacon: Together with oh I'm not getting anything done but
Nicole Bacon: I don't want to go get stuff out in public, cuz I'm embarrassed about me skin and it's just this little cycle.
Nicole Bacon: But
Nicole Bacon: Breaking out of being self conscious about my skin because, I mean, what am I, I don't want to be a shut in high maintenance.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what's out there for you in the world. You don't want to be a shut in what's out there for you.
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: I'm just embarrassed about my skin right now because it looks horrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has someone said that to you, or is that
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, my, my grandma has
Nicole Bacon: Told me to put makeup on. Since I was like in middle school.
Nicole Bacon: And she'd like point out pimples and stuff. So I guess I still have some of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's kind of a painful thing to hear from a grandma.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, biggest booty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you know, I noticed ground wasn't included in your list of quality figures.
Nicole Bacon: No, no, she's a pity me of
Nicole Bacon: Everything I mean I love her, but like she's trained herself to be really fearful really judgmental really scared.
Nicole Bacon: All the things I not don't doesn't feel good to be around.
Gwenevere Abriel: People that are scared often lash out and they take out all that fear and in right and it affects you and other people
Nicole Bacon: And I found that also
Nicole Bacon: Some people try to
Nicole Bacon: They when they're fearful, they tried to control. It's a lot of trying to control people i i i realized that
Nicole Bacon: A couple days ago with my parents.
Nicole Bacon: I hadn't really realized that about my dad, but I'm like oh
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a story.
Nicole Bacon: So my dad.
Nicole Bacon: I needed to pay
Nicole Bacon: The last booth rent for the salon and my dad gave me $300 right and
Nicole Bacon: He's like, did you get a receipt you get a receipt and
Nicole Bacon: Just kind of like scared like climbing over and over again. And I'm like data that I got it, like, whoa.
Nicole Bacon: Cuz that's triggering and I told him dead. Please don't call me over and over again. So it felt good to stand up for myself and put that boundary
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to help
Gwenevere Abriel: He's been controlling or do you see the logic and reason and what he's doing.
Nicole Bacon: I see, I see it but but it's a fear. It's a fear it. I feel it as fear when he, when he's calling over and over again. And I feel it in my body is fear.
Nicole Bacon: That he's sending me and so yeah i get i don't want to feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, his fear it.
Nicole Bacon: And you feel. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you said it before, with Barbies text texting back and back like that's the second time you've said that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know of anyone
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it's a big pet peeve of mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've called it a trigger before
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, like, I mean that I feel like if required, over and over again, that's like an emergency like somebody like hurt or something like
Nicole Bacon: It's almost like, to me, people. It's like crying wolf type of thing. It's like oh my gosh this is everyone when I call back when somebody does that. I'm like, I think it's okay like oh yeah I'm just trying to get hold of you. My
Nicole Bacon: Wow, kind of obsessive there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, it seems over reactive
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and boundaries to like
Nicole Bacon: I get if it's like
Nicole Bacon: Okay, you're, you know, like my Dad's going to the grocery store and I know he's going to get groceries and oh, did I want
Nicole Bacon: This thing or that thing. Like, I get it, but I just I
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: Yeah I don't get that white people do that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it your assessment that
Gwenevere Abriel: they've always done that, that different types of people do that, that it's based on context here.
Nicole Bacon: It could be contacts. It could be type of person that
Nicole Bacon: Is not too familiar with boundaries, I guess.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your dad's sounds more like he's worried about whether you spent the money on something you know you didn't agree on.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that typically his disposition to miss trust you and that's no time. Okay, so it's it's a temporary passing thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be right, trying to help.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and I communicated with him about what's going on and
Nicole Bacon: I just think he he thought the worse and
Nicole Bacon: I, I, I don't like feeling
Nicole Bacon: That emotion projected at me. That's one of the major things like I put so much space in between me, my parents, the fear and the worry projected at me. It hurts physically I it hurts me
Nicole Bacon: I don't know, being an only child. It's like I'm just really sensitive to them. I'm really in tune with
Nicole Bacon: Their energy and yeah when it's projected at me. I guess a
Nicole Bacon: But I communicated to him about what's going on and everything's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know boundaries go both ways.
You know that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering how yours. Let's say there's are invasive and there's just all this energy coming at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how to mechanized what to do, aside from avoidance right now, picking up the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: assertive communication which you did, and you're proud of yourself for saying, hey, these, these back to back, things are not interpreted the way you think they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. But there's another thing that you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can change the filter. You can change the interpretation or do zero interpretation.
Gwenevere Abriel: So an interesting thing, right. You say they're projecting it. It's this sort of that's bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're doing that and you see it every time. And every time. There it is. There it is again they're doing this thing. I don't like Why did they do this thing. It hurts me, why are they doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can decide to stop interpreting
Gwenevere Abriel: It's freeing
Nicole Bacon: I feel like I did that with the with Barbie because we had the conversation of
Nicole Bacon: There was a miscommunication that happened and
Nicole Bacon: Now we don't talk until the evening and I flipped it in my head as excitement instead of anxiety about it.
There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is a little different. Okay, that's how it feels in you. That's like my body that
Gwenevere Abriel: gut wrenching experience or tightness here i can i can interpret right because excitement and fear experienced the same way. Oftentimes, and so we can label it differently. That's a real skill and it can work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's something about being an intelligent insightful woman that can be a bit inconvenient.
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: That definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Right, I'm like, oh, can I go back to being a little more naive. I'm a little happier than
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and that's what you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You the obligation to interpret and allies is a choice. You can start to take things people do and say at face value, and let them work it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me I'll be an example right out here all analyze myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just it's enough for you to just reflect on your own preferences, your own needs your own once they change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And there's new vulnerabilities and all look come tired undefeated. Oh, nope. Now I'm inspired I'm here, I'm right here. I'm okay. But you don't have to take care of them emotionally no have to do the analysis for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you do or what's going on.
Nicole Bacon: It's hard for me not to start analyzing
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought so.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I gotta tell you, it takes no one boy. Let me tell you my turning this this awareness off right I see patterns, all the time. I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, with a pattern. So guess what if there's a pattern. Well, it's probably going to happen again just like it just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right so seeing patterns all over the place and habituation and look at that reinforce it. Now, that's, that's not going to go anywhere, anytime soon. Right. I can't not do that. But I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: not my job to control it, change it. I just tether very quickly to do. I like this. My. Okay, what's my preference right now. What's my need turning the attention away from this is catastrophic. How could they be doing it again. Right. That's a neural network. Instead, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I did it again. I started analyzing I feel it. I feel it in my chest. I feel it in my shoulders. Let me be present without let me get back into my body may be here again, let me be okay let me be in this relaxed body again that I can do.
I can do that can be
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one's saying your, your aptitude, because we do, we're going to see things very quickly. It's what we then do
Nicole Bacon: With that information. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm inviting is you can choose not
Gwenevere Abriel: To do all this interpretation to do
Gwenevere Abriel: What really you've gotten quite adept at doing it and probably for for adaptive reasons, but you might be over adaptive, you might have really cultivated this skill name, it's time to cultivate another one.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. Yes. And
Nicole Bacon: I think that finally just like Bridget in my head about being able to switch the lens and and bring it back on myself in relation to because for years. I'm like, I'm so sensitive. How do I tone it down and
Nicole Bacon: I think that just helped it click in my head of how to bridge all that and it's just
Nicole Bacon: Goes back to myself and and not going too deep in like was this person mean by way we go to, you know, like
Nicole Bacon: And realizing that
Nicole Bacon: people's perspectives are completely different. And maybe they don't have that capacity to even know what the frickin talking about if I even start to analyze like it um it yeah and then it can help me.
Nicole Bacon: not waste time and energy and my, you know, just
Nicole Bacon: I think that's healthy right now, you know, getting bounces like not getting too deep into anything
Nicole Bacon: Too. Yeah, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's neat that you found that that awareness, because it's pretty common for for folks like you to not only be told, You're too sensitive, but to label yourself that too because it feels like too sensitive because you feel everything
Gwenevere Abriel: So intensely so you you have that skill and you probably can about having this for a reason, we typically do things because it's
Gwenevere Abriel: In self preservation. It has kept us safe, it has it has served us, but you've got that one figured out, you're not going to become an insensitive turd.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to be a bad friend that's going to happen. Okay, you've got that empathetic thing. And yet, it's not going anywhere. You can you can turn that kindness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inward right oh you know how to really see here someone else you can do all that. Oh, it's this time to really turn it towards the self really this is long, long, long overdue.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's review where
Gwenevere Abriel: Our next appointment I only had two written down actually must have put this together with
Gwenevere Abriel: Our first meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have put away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I have these written down. I have February 11 to 12 and then I have February 13 at 12 and you haven't gone to a group yet. I've noticed
Nicole Bacon: At 12 and yep yep
Gwenevere Abriel: Now the lab situation, the drug screen is it resolved.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, and just remind me, which day you went and did it.
Nicole Bacon: Before I met you on
Nicole Bacon: Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, we're okay. Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'd like you to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'll let I'll let I'll let this week go okay let's reconnect. Let's get next week, spot on. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no reason for you to not make it to your group. And I think you were liking Monday at one right
Nicole Bacon: Yes. That works.
Nicole Bacon: Monday at one. Yep. Yep.
Nicole Bacon: So I make sure I have all these in my okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have Monday one to to to to to to to to to Tuesday at 12 as well as Thursday at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Yay. Yeah, so
Nicole Bacon: The same pains.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And so, Natalie should be able to continue forward for a while because I think you wanted some predictability there, right.
Nicole Bacon: Yes. Yes, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's your takeaway today. What's important for you. What do you, what did you notice about yourself. What's important to you.
Nicole Bacon: Just turning the focus this way. Yeah, you know, because
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I've been focusing on too much external and then that, you know, it shows because I haven't been taking care of myself as, as well as I wanted to. And even just
Nicole Bacon: Saying that in my head.
Nicole Bacon: I can feel my energy flowing different you know it's kind of like more of a building up instead of a
Nicole Bacon: I don't know.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if anything changes. And you notice yourself spending a lot of time in the thought romanticizing something around that addictive behavior just reach out, send me a quick text a little stress signal some kind. And hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a lot. I can do via texting. But I will say, hey, are you able to meet in zoom and let's see if we can de escalate what's going on. Or I might remind you of some, some of the skills that you've already told me that are working
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah definitely getting back into the breath work the diaphragm matic breathing so, so important when you're activated to tell the body. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just a perceived threat. I look around, there's no danger I am breathing deeply. And anyone who's safe can breathe breathing deeply and not the danger. I'm okay. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. All right, keep that up and we'll see each other on Monday.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, thanks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need medicine bridge to Monday, or do you have enough to get there.
Nicole Bacon: Let me double check.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I have enough. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then. We'll see you Monday.
Nicole Bacon: Okay so bye bye